At 4:30
a.m. United States garrison in Fort Sa
was fired upon. It is now under.
[Music]
Hey, Dad. What are you doing here? Well,
it's your mother's bridge night, so I
thought I'd come into the city for a
little Mona cuddle.
Since when did you start smoking cigars?
I don't. I just I just like the smell of
them.
So, uh, what are you really doing here,
Dad? Well, I just wanted to make sure
that you're okay.
What makes you think that I might not be
okay? I saw Richard.
Oh. So, how you doing?
I'm fine. Just a little tired, but I'm
okay. How's Richard doing? You don't
want to know? No, I I really really do.
Well, he's doing terrible.
Really?
Worse than when he broke up with
Barbara.
You're not just saying that, are you?
No. The man is a mess.
Was he crying? No.
Well, do you think he was waiting till
after you left so we could cry? Maybe.
I think so. Honey, relationships are
hard. Like with your mom and me. You
know, after we graduated from college,
we broke up for a while. It seems her
father, your grandfather, wanted her to
travel around Europe like he did. Of
course, he got to do it on Uncle Sam's
nickel because he was also strafing
German troop trains at the time.
However,
[Music]